You measure my life in hours and I serve you by expiring. I’m quick when I’m thin and slow when I’m fat. The wind is my enemy. (single word, lowercase)
I have cities, but no houses. I have mountains, but no trees. I have water, but no fish. What am I? (single word, lowercase)
What is seen in the middle of March and April that can’t be seen at the beginning or end of either month? (single letter, lowercase)
What word in the English language does the following: the first two letters signify a male, the first three letters signify a female, the first four letters signify a great, while the entire word signifies a great woman. What is the word? (single word, lowercase)
What English word has three consecutive double letters? (single word, lowercase)
What disappears as soon as you say its name? (single word, lowercase)
I have keys, but no locks and space, and no rooms. You can enter, but you can’t go outside. What am I? (single word, lowercase)
What gets wet while drying? (single word, lowercase)
How many letters are in the alphabet? (integer)
What are the next three letters in this sequence: OTTFFSS? (no spaces, uppercase)
First you eat me, then you get eaten. What am I? (single word, lowercase)
What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years? (single letter, lowercase)
Which word in the dictionary is always spelled incorrectly? (single word, lowercase)
What is able to go up a chimney when down but unable to go down a chimney when up? (single word, lowercase)
What has a head and a tail, but no body or legs? (single word, lowercase)
I am a solitary word, 5 letters long. Behead me once, I am the same. Behead me again, I am still the same. (single word, lowercase)
You’ll often find us on a line. When we’re together, it’s a crime. What are we? (single word, lowercase)
If I am holding a bee, what do I have in my eye? (single word, lowercase)
If there are five apples and you take away three, how many apples do you have? (integer)
I am lighter than air, but a hundred people cannot lift me. What am I? (single word, lowercase)
